**Week 10 Group Meeting 2**  
`Date`: 16th October
`Time`: 20:00 ~ 21:00
`Attendees`: Nuo Chen, Jiaxin Liu, Alan Chen, Wei Zhang
`Absent`: Ehab EI Cheikh, Helen Liu Blackhole Wang, Sulayman Sindhu	

- `problems/in progress`
    - Add configration component to solve the hardcode problem. User could edit the configration file to decide which superclusters need the website to track. Let python read the config file, and pass the information to the front end.
    - Environment quick setup (If time is enough)
    - Track the progress of the group report.


- `plans/needs to be completed before the next meeting`
  - Solve the hardcode problem by the end of this week.
  - Complete own part of the report, and discuss if there is any problem with the report.

- Reminder
  -	/